

Coffee for my breakfast 
shot of whiskey on the side
It's a dark and dreary 
morning with the clouds 
covering up the sky
and the forecast calls
for pain, the forecast 
calls for pain
My baby's turning cold
and the forecast 
calls for pain

We stayed up all
night talking, 
she's grown restless
she confessed

She says there's
no one new,
but deep down I
know that's next

the forecast calls
for pain, the forecast 
calls for pain
My baby's turning cold
and the forecast 
calls for pain

She says...
she tried and tried
yes she has..
but slowly her 
love has died

I can see that deep
down inside she's changed

The forecast calls 
for pain, the foreacst 
calls for pain
The forecast calls 
for pain, yeah, yeah, yeahyeah

I can hear 
approaching thunder, 
I can feel chill
run up my spine

I've seen love freeze
before and I know I'm 
on borrowed time

the forecast calls
for pain, the forecast 
calls for pain
yeah, yeah, yeah
My baby's turning cold
and the forecast 
calls for pain

yeah

I can hear the thunder, 
I can see the lightning
I feel the pain, 
oh it's gonna rain

I'm comin up tonight
early in the morning
I feel the pain---Lyrics submitted by robert archer.



Submit Corrections



 
